We want to go ahead and right‑click on our com.pluralsight.conference
underneath our java package up above here and say New,
Java Class.
And this class we want to call ConferenceSecurity,
and it extends the WebSecurityConfigureAdapter.
I've said it in many of my other courses,
but I think Spring gets the award for the longest and
most confusing class names ever.
So yours should look like this.
We have a public class ConferenceSecurityConfig,
which extends WebSecurityConfigureAdapter.
And now we can go ahead and start annotating this.
We want to start off by saying that this is a configuration file.
So we're going to do @Configuration.
And we also want to say @EnableWebSecurity.
Now this sets it up for Spring to know this is a configuration file and
to start looking at it and see that it is supplying these specific
pieces for web security so we can go through and start modifying this
Java file to tie into those pieces.
This next section I'm actually going to go through and type
it all out because I want to explain each piece as we go.
And it may be a little verbose.
I will warn you of that beforehand.
So I'm going to put in an @Override here because I'm
going to override this method.
I'm going to do a protected void configure.
And this will take in a parameter of final HttpSecurity, and we'll call this
object name http. And we'll declare that it throws Exception.
And that's actually just the signature from the parent method up above.
Inside of here, we're using a builder method style syntax.
So we're going to say http, and we'll go down below it and
give ourselves a new whitespace or a new line that we start
building out all of these next steps.
So I'm going to start off by saying that it will
authorizeRequests, and then on the next line, again,
it's using that builder style mentality.
There's not a semicolon on the end of that line.
We're still taking the return from the previous method and
appending on to the end of that. So we're going to say
.antMatchers, and inside of here, we need to add a couple of these. First off,
we want to say /anonymous,
and this is saying we'll allow people to anonymously access this section of
code, and anybody that wants to go through and do this,
they can do so with the role anonymous. We're going to do another
.antMatchers. Inside of here, we're going to do another URL of login*,
and this is just simply for our login page.
And we want to say that we're going to permit all to see this.
Whether you're logged in or not, we're going to let anybody
that wants to see this go ahead and see this.
Now these are the two URL patterns that we need for
anybody to hit our login page.
But as you remember, we had some styling on our login page.
And if we don't add this next line in there, it won't serve up the styling.
So we're going to do another .antMatchers, and inside of here,
we're going to do a couple of things.
So we're going to start with /assets, and we're going to do a /css/**, so
anything underneath that directory. We're going to do a comma and we want
to do assets/js/**, so any of the JavaScript files underneath that
directory. And we're going to do one more.
We'll say /images, so any of the images that we have inside of our app, we
want to go ahead and host those up was well, and ** as well. And we want to
permit all to see that. Now the next line we have is one more .antmatchers,
and this one we want to serve up our /index*.
And we're going to permitAll to that. Next line and,
again, no semicolons on all of these.
We're now out of the .antMatchers, so this is everything that we're going
to match to our URL, we're going to go to .anyRequest.
So any request coming in, we want that to be .authenticated. From there,
we want to say .and, so once‑‑‑they any request that comes through and
is authenticated, and we want that to go through and also build up the
configuration for how we authenticate them.
So we say the .form for logging in is this next
configuration piece, and it has a loginPage.
That loginPage is /login, and the loginProcessingUrl,
so we'll do .loginProcessingUrl, is /perform, and this is
case sensitive, _login. You may remember,
and I'll show it to you here in a second, make sure you get underscore,
not hyphen.
You'll want to go through and tie that to your action in your login.jsp.
I'll show those two here side by side in the second.
We have just one more line of code in here.
We'll say the .defaultSuccessfulUrl is to go to the root of our application.
And this next attribute of true is saying that we want them to always go to
the defaultSuccessUrl. So a lot of stuff tied in there.
We have authorization of requests, all the pattern matching
for our URLs, the requests authenticated.
We want the login form to be our login page, and the
processing URL is perform_login.
If you look at our login.jsp page,
you can see on line 47 there, that was that perform_login
URL that we're tying that to, so those two match up to
one another, and by default,
go to the successful URL, and that is set to always true.
So we're always going to make people go to that whether
they have requested something different or not. We're
almost done with our configuration.
We need to add two other small configuration sections inside of
here that I've already copied to my clipboard.
But I'm going to walk through both of them.
We have a configure for the AuthenticationManagerBuilder.
And what this does is gives us our default user. I gave it a
username of bryan and a password of pass.
So it's just bryan pass.
And he has the role of USER inside of here.
And then we have a @Bean down below that that is a PasswordEncoder.
So I'm going to import the class for that as well.
And by default, we are using BCrypt for our encoding strategy.
So our encoder is called by our @Bean on line 38 here in our
inMemoryAuthentication user that we have created here on line 35.
So, by saying auth.inMemoryAuthentication,
we're going to tell it, Hey, for now, just go ahead and use this in‑memory model.
And with this user we're going to define here, and the username is bryan,
password, use the PasswordEncoder, and you'll notice it's calling that @Bean
right there. And encode it using the character sequence.
Pass passes our default Password that we're sending in
there right now. Obviously, we'd want something more
secure than that in the long run.
And it has the role USER. We'll start building more roles.
And this is the piece we're actually going to rip out and
authenticate against a database or LDAP or other tools as
we go throughout this course.
And then it just uses this default password encoder of BCrypt,
which is actually a great password encoder.
In the past,
we've had MD5, SHA, that type of stuff, which are now easily hackable,
and that is something that is an update to this course as well. So let's save this, and we're almost ready to go.